Fill section Update Board's Firmware (#50)
Luos-io/Documentation: src/_pages/prototyping_boards/electronic-use.md

Get <a href="https://github.com/Luos-io/Pyluos" target="_blank">pyluos on github</a>.

## Update Luos, Robus and board's firmware

> To Update Luos, Robus and module's code you must go on the librairies window of platformio in Visual Studio Code:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To Update Luos, Robus and module's code you must go on the librairies window of Platform IO in Visual Studio Code:
```

        <img src="{{img_path}}/Update_Luos_Robus_Modules.png" height="" />

To update the board's firmware you need to follow 3 steps:

    1. Open the module folder that you want to update in Visual Studio Code

>             To do this, you must go to "file" -> "open the folder" and go to the folder of the module you want

Reviewer: I think, the user should go on the PIO tab (on the left) before and click "Open project" in PIO Home

    2. Compile it to detect if there is an error
            To compile your code, you must click on this button at the bottom of your window:
<img src="{{img_path}}/compile.png" height="" />

            If your terminal goes like this, it means that your download was successful:
<img src="{{img_path}}/compile_success.png" height="" />

            If the compilation goes wrong and you don't know why, because your code has been perfectly compiled before and you change
            nothing, you can do a cleaning by clicking on the ant button and choosing Clean in the list of project tasks:
<img src="{{img_path}}/clean.png" height="" />

    3. Upload the new code into the board
            To upload the new code into the board you must to click on this button:
<img src="{{img_path}}/upload.png" height="" />

            If your terminal goes like this, it means that your download was successful:
<img src="{{img_path}}/upload.png" height="" />

>             If the compilation goes wrong and it may be because your driver is not updated specially on windows, if this is the case you

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            If the compilation goes wrong and it may be because your driver is not updated specially on Windows, if this is the case you
```
